A Python module that translates Overleaf's project history into Git
repositories. It uses RoboBrowser to navigate around the site and obtain the
correct diffs.

The module will create a temporary directory with the project file tree and Git
commit history. To convert Overleaf projects into Git repositories, simply use
the command `python -m overleaf_to_git`. After e-mail authentication, one may
choose multiple projects to be converted. The module will show progress as it
downloads information and creates commits. Authentication can be skipped if the
environment variables `OVERLEAF_LOGIN` and `OVERLEAF_PASSWORD` are set.

The whole ordeal takes some time to finish, since every revision of every file
inside the projects is downloaded from Overleaf's servers. However, the raw
JSON files are stored in the operating system's temporary directory to allow
for resumed execution if anything goes wrong.

One known limitation is that binary files, as well as files that are marked as
binary due to an empirical ~1MB diff threshold, are not tracked by Overleaf. As
such, these files are committed as empty. Furthermore, files opened on Overleaf
may be marked as modified even though there are no apparent modifications. This
is likely the result of a user rapidly adding and removing content, and will be
shown on the commit message.

A tool such as `git-filter-repo` may be used to comb through the newly created
repository and modify it to taste. The aim of this module is to import as much
content as possible, even if it seems redundant. In the case of old projects
from ShareLaTeX, the directory structure has to be recreated by hand.

DISCLAIMER: this project may not adhere to Overleaf's Acceptable Use Policy
under the notion of "scraping". Nonetheless, the author claims that Overleaf
does not provide a "publicly supported interface" to archive your project
history, even to paid users. (This project partially simulates a user clicking
through all revisions in the project's "history" tab, and saving the output
into a HAR file, using the network monitor of a common browser.)
